Let's talk about a key developer fundamentals we haven't seen one in a while so I hope you're excited
to see another one.
What is it.
This one is pick the right library.
What do you mean by this.
Well let's have a look at what we just installed in the previous video.
We installed this library called pillow which allows us to manipulate images using Python but I also
mentioned that there's a couple of warnings here.
It says Hey pillow and pill cannot coexist in the same environment before installing pillow Please uninstall
pill.
We also have some version warnings as well.
So what does this mean.
Well if I go back to the main page over here we see that pillow is a is the friendly pill for by this
person and pill is the python Image Library.
What does this all mean when you pick a library that you want to use.
And trust me you're gonna do a lot of that in your career.
You want to make sure that you pick either the latest most modern library but also the library that
the most people use.
And we've mentioned this before when using pipes.
Right.
We want to make sure that the library we use has a lot of community support.
It's constantly being updated so that there's no security issues or it's not a library.
That's not very well because anybody can publish a library.
When you look at python Image Library which is the original one that we used to have and this is a Wikipedia
article that I can link to.
And again this is something that you'll just have to learn to develop the skill of finding the right
library.
So in here we actually see that Python Image Library.
So originally it was called Pil and this library existed and was very popular but when Python 3 came
out pill didn't support this newer version of Python.
So essentially what happened was it was forked and forked simply means it was essentially copied because
it was an open source library and developed into pillow by another developer which gives us Python 3
support so that's what it means.
It's a pill fork that allows us to have Python 3 support.
The key here being that again we want to make sure that we use a libraries that are up to date that
work with Python 3 but also libraries like pillow here that have a lot of community support.
If I go to get hub here we see that it has six thousand four hundred stars.
It's been forked a thousand two hundred times and it's also used by one hundred and fifty thousand developers.
That's a pretty good sign.
We also see that the latest commit happened this year which is awesome.
Again developing that skill to pick the right library is a sign of an experienced developer.
So there you go.
Another developer fundamentals.
Let's get back to building some projects in the next video.